- [Kevin] Before we wrap up the course,
let's take a moment to reflect on the power of Swagger
and the OpenAPI Specification.
The OAS API definition file that we built with Swagger
delivered a lot of benefits for us.
Using the definition file we created several components
that built out our API-driven solution.
This included documentation, a client SDK,
a server-side stub, a mock API server,
and it supported integration
with a cloud-based API management platform.
With these new API-related skills in your toolbox,
you will be able to build API-driven solutions
using a design-first approach powered by Swagger.
I hope this course allows you to build something amazing,
and would love to hear about your work,
so stay in touch with me.
You can find my blog at tothought.com,
and I go by the handle of kevin-bowersox on Stack Overflow,
where I can help with any challenges you may face.
If you like this course,
and are looking for other skills to learn,
I would recommend browsing the LinkedIn library
for my other course, Git for Teams.
Congratulations on finishing the course,
and thank you for taking it.
Now it's time to go build better APIs with Swagger.